README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 Recipe-app ](#-recipe-app-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
  - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Recipe-app <a name="about-project"></a>

- This is a ruby on rails project

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- Ruby on Rails

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Key Features

- Ruby syntax and use of linters

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

Example command:

```sh
1.use a browser
2.use cable internet
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Example commands:

```sh

  git clone https://github.com/yegonkimutai/Recipe-app.git
  cd recipe-app


```

### Install

Install this project with:

Example command:

```sh
bundle install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Example command:

```sh
- Open the terminal to play with the commands.
```

### Run tests

To run tests for the linter, run the following command:

Example command:

```sh
rubocop -A
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Brian Yegon**

- GitHub: [@yegonkimutai](https://github.com/yegonkimutai)
- Twitter: [@yegonbrian8](https://twitter.com/yegonbrian8)
- LinkedIn: [brian-yegon](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brian-yegon-0717a1241/)

👤 **Samuel Kwesi Obuobi Lartey**

- GitHub: [@kwesi obuobi](https://github.com/kwesiObuobi)
- Twitter: [@kwesi_obuobi](https://twitter.com/kwesi_obuobi)
- LinkedIn: [kwesi-obuobi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kwesi-obuobi/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] Add a shopping cart feature.
- [ ] Allow real-time communication/chatting between users.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project kindly give it a star⭐️.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Update project description in Readme file, and add key features

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 Recipe-app ](#-recipe-app-)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
  - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Install](#install)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Recipe-app <a name="about-project"></a>

- This Recipe app keeps track of all your recipes and ingredients. It will allow you to save ingredients, keep track of what you have, create recipes, and generate a shopping list based on what you have and what you are missing from a recipe. Also, since sharing recipes is an important part of cooking the app should allow you to make them public so anyone can access them. Enjoy using it!

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- Ruby on Rails

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Key Features

- Add foods
- Save ingredients
- Generate shopping list
- Publicize your recipes

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

Example command:

```sh
1.use a browser
2.use cable internet
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Example commands:

```sh

  git clone https://github.com/yegonkimutai/Recipe-app.git
  cd recipe-app


```

### Install

Install this project with:

Example command:

```sh
bundle install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Example command:

```sh
- Open the terminal to play with the commands.
```

### Run tests

To run tests for the linter, run the following command:

Example command:

```sh
rubocop -A
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Brian Yegon**

- GitHub: [@yegonkimutai](https://github.com/yegonkimutai)
- Twitter: [@yegonbrian8](https://twitter.com/yegonbrian8)
- LinkedIn: [brian-yegon](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brian-yegon-0717a1241/)

👤 **Samuel Kwesi Obuobi Lartey**

- GitHub: [@kwesi obuobi](https://github.com/kwesiObuobi)
- Twitter: [@kwesi_obuobi](https://twitter.com/kwesi_obuobi)
- LinkedIn: [kwesi-obuobi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kwesi-obuobi/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] Add a shopping cart feature.
- [ ] Allow real-time communication/chatting between users.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project kindly give it a star⭐️.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
